what man made me this okay what he made
in his name but I never met somebody
stay with smarter stay with Wallace man
not one to love me see one of the most
difficult things for me was short love
to it in a bit especially a man i had a
bit less tell my test for years he left
you in this world to take care of me by
yourself chanting on both male and
female and the 13 plus years all i could
see my mom dry
each item you got excuse you got
problems you got a problem for some
reason you just really have not done
deep enough this is what you haven't
done see so many guys look at or
download it is what about very fancy
coke machines you say it said let's go
down and you take your chain that your
pocket and instead of dollar fit and you
go to put in a dollar twenty-five and
you press the button and it says not
enough change
somebody the silliest thing I want to go
die bad they told you exactly what to do
it's a hundred and fifty dollars for a
dollar fifty sick you're putting in a
dollar twenty-five pressing the button
nuts going out the screen is setting in
array not enough change you have a shame
to go see somebody off I still lack in
the last twenty five six for the full
change and when you identify how bad you
wanted that twenty-five cent was short
right now he looks at our profile God
above know exactly when your change
coming how bad you want you know who
listened say well gee what it does
bought it but she got a night of change
it she deposited everything she's got to
get full shape I told Dave we are linked
to the hip it will by design why because
his initials was the eye are you serious
I say di six years before I met you
which made I know it is truly a divine
intervention this department is solid
for the same day we are waiting to hear
because I want change and I want you to
La Grande the organization in a rival
world we are going to impact many lives
around the planet and if you are with us
I want you to enjoy by saying not enough
change
finally get that say you're going to do
amazing things once ya tell people three
lessons of life bar closed out paradox
humor and change paradox life as they
missed you so quit trying to figure it
out humor be humored every single day
even to yourself it's the greatest
strength beyond all measure and change
don't have nothing nothing stays the
same because the road to success is not
always gonna be straight you can have
curves color distractions if you have
blue post all confusion you can have red
lights called enemies and you can have
caution lights fall family you're even
would have a flat tire coffee job but if
you expect
you're bit taken for one for the avionic
Nick got down for a minute any time to
take action what skin is named immunity
I love my brother we all linked to the
him you cannot get rid of me one year
that dear brother holding box where the
air bubbles of the boats n is all the
bugs in holton buggs know our lane box I
thank you for spending the time to let
me sit down with you that day or march
of 28 for littering seven pm to five
thirty in the morning lamb yeah 150 yeah
one thing
I want to thank you mr. Burnett you owe
your wife for doing but no one does say
the courage to do they say let's go and
try to force feed individuals good
health burning fuel say when we look at
the word helping split into words it
says nearby so instead of forcing it
they say set up a vagina for snitching
why don't you / must hide it looking at
footage in addition it may sink nobody
checks us but we check our kids that
makes sense nobody checks room check out
here I'll say this here will be out the
mission we have here is strong it's
weekend design for you if you truly want
to go down I've always been very comical
but also one that you guys know they
looking to go down the road to success
you have to drive a hundred and fifty
miles per hour one last time then you
get in you want to get you get in as no
question if you got a date set for
whatever day at 150 miles an hour no
questions asked we drive 150 miles an
hour to Diamond and when it is hit but
it's all said and done when the layer of
you will tell your family we have
finally won I want to thank each and
every one of you for being here by the
50,000 we'll see you at the time that
butter sock
the back thank you
Master Shan orange